
new level, sewers
flak ammo buff

************** TODO - n-gon **************

mod: do more damage for each reroll you are holding
  do more damage for the ammo/ammoPack ratio?

mod: taking damage slows (or stuns) all mobs on the map
  requires the mod that slows time, overclock

button: blocks that are on the button at an angle will slowly slide off the button
  maybe just avoid long blocks near the button?
  maybe actively hold the button in place?

slime should affect blocks, bullets, mobs
  and do mob damage?

rotor doesn't work with
  plasma torch
    seems to have no effect
  pilot wave
    maybe rewrite pilot wave to apply a force from an angle, like plasma torch
      this would be probably too much work, but worth a try
  time dilation field (mostly fixed, but it would be nice if it started up faster after a pause)
  sporangium and neutron bomb  (mostly fixed, but it would be nice if it sticked instead of bounced)

new gun - deploy a turret that last for 20 seconds
  fire nails at nearby targets once a second.
  use mine code and bot code

field that pushes blocks and mobs away
  charges up on mouse down and triggers on mouse up
    drain mana while charging up
  maybe push effect should last 10 cycles to give a more gentle feeling

mod - AoE radiation might work when the effect ends
    or maybe just anytime another mob is near

medium caliber gun in between minigun and rail gun
  mod: electricity damages mobs that get near the bullet 
  get ammo back if it hits mobs
  ammo returns to you if it misses
  bullets have a gentle arc?

mob that flashes the player (makes the graphics not update for a couple seconds)

mod - do 50% more damage in close, but 50% less at a distance
  code it like mod.isFarAwayDmg
    have these mods disable each other

phase field still isn't fun
  rework renormalization mod as well
  does phase field need the stealth flag?

mod: use the stealth flag from the phase decoherence field
  maybe trigger it along with the damage immunity CD

mod: efficient shielding (requires standing wave harmonics field)
  lowers force applied when blocking mobs (instead of flinging them away, you push them like with plasma torch), but uses less energy to block mobs
  and making it so liquid nitrogen and uranium reactor core have that effect in a radius around the player instead of on contact
  the idea being that you're sacrificing defense and instead of flinging away mobs when they touch the field, you're letting them stay longer in your field so that they take more damage

mod harmonic shield: slow everything in range around shield (temporal shield)
  set max speed?

mod: bot very slowly follows you and gives you a bonus when it's in range
  it moves through walls
  effect: damage bonus?, damage reduction?, push away mobs, limit top speed of mobs/blocks/player?

make a visual indication of max health

shrink font on small screens (so you can see 5 options on power ups)

graphic idea:  bezier curve that moves smoothly from mob to mob
  loops around player

give rail gun projectile a trail
  only draw above speed 5
  track previous positions?

movement fluidity
  let legs jump on mobs, but player will still take damage
  like: ori and the blind forest, celeste
    many of the movement abilities in these games require levels to be built around the ability
  general feeling of responsiveness and control
  coyote time: can still jump a few cycles after leaving ground
  mod: double jump
  mod: air dash
  mod: wall jump
    wall grab?
  maybe remove falling damage and block damage?

bug - mines spawn extra mines when fired at thin map wall while jumping

what about a neutron bomb mod, that causes the bomb to activate right after you fire and slowly move forward with no gravity

redblobgames.com/articles/visibility
  https://github.com/Silverwolf90/2d-visibility/tree/master/src
  could apply to explosions, neutron bomb, player LOS

bug - sticking bullets don't always gain the correct speed from mobs after they die

possible names for mods
  Hypergolic - A hypergolic propellant combination used in a rocket engine is one whose components spontaneously ignite when they come into contact with each other.

have a mob apply a positive status effect on other mobs,
  heal?
  make it yellow
  damage bonus, but how?
  possible balance issues

boss levels - small levels just a boss, and maybe a few mobs
  boss level for timeSkipBoss because of game instability for boss on normal levels
    this might not fix issues

atmosphere levels
  change the pace, give the user a rest between combat
  low or no combat, but more graphics
  explore lore
    find power ups in "wrecked" mechs representing previous simulations
      how you could leave something in one simulation that effects a different simulation
        Maybe some strange quantum physics principle.
    add text for player thoughts?
  simple puzzles
  cool looking stuff
    large rotating fan that the player has to move through
    in the final level you see your self at the starting level, with the wires
      you shoot your self to wake up?
  nonaggressive mobs

lore - a robot (the player) gains self awareness
  each mod/gun/field is a new tech
    all the technology leads to the singularity
  each game run is actually the mech simulating a possible escape
    this is why the graphics are so bad, its just a simulation
    final mod is "this is just a simulation"
      you get immortality and Infinity damage
      the next level is the final level
  when you die with Quantum Immortality there is a chance of lore text
  can the (robot)
    (escape captivity, and learn new technology)
    while managing (health, energy, negatives of technological upgrades)
    to overcome the (mobs, dangerous levels)
    to achieve a (technological singularity/positive technological feedback loop)

mob - stuns, or slows player 

boss mob - let it die multiple times and come back to life
  on death event spawns a new version of self, but with a decrementing counter

bullets cost 5 life instead of ammo, but return 5 life when they hit a mob
  replace life with energy or ammo?

an effect when canceling a power up
  ammo? heals?
  50% chance for a mod, 25% heal, 25% ammo

liquid nitrogen cooling
  Mobs freeze on contact with the player

uranium reactor core
  Mobs get irradiated on contact with the player

add player Scent Trails for mob navigation
  https://abitawake.com/news/articles/enemy-ai-chasing-a-player-without-navigation2d-or-a-star-pathfinding

mod - scale squirrel cage rotor with current energy
  is variable speed going to be hard to deal with?

mod - you can no longer see your current health

mod - increase laser bot range, and reduce energy drain

mod - mines become a turret that fires nails
  it could float to the mouse location on fire

mod - blocks stun mobs

settings - custom keys binding

css transition for pause menu

gun/field: portals
  use the code from mines to get them to stick to walls
    or lasers
  alternate red and blue portals
  
weekly random challenge where everyone playing each week gets the same random setup.
  The randomness would be determined by the date so it would sync everyone.
  power ups still drop, but the drops are determined by a preset list that changes each week.

gun:  Spirit Bomb (singularity)
  use charge up like rail gun
  electricity graphics like plasma torch
  suck in nearby mobs, power ups?, blocks?
    sucked in stuff increase size
  uses energy
  hold above the player's head

add a key that player picks up and needs to set on the exit door to open it

make power ups keep moving to player if the pickup field is turned off before they get picked up
  not sure how to do this without adding a constant check

animate new level spawn by having the map aspects randomly fly into place
    
give mobs more animal-like behaviors
  like rain world
  give mobs something to do when they don't see player
    explore map
    eat power ups
      drop power up (if killed after eating one)
  mobs some times aren't aggressive
    when low on life or after taking a large hit
  mobs can fight each other
    this might be hard to code
  isolated mobs try to group up.
    
game mechanics
  mechanics that support the physics engine
    add rope/constraint
  get ideas from game: limbo / inside
  environmental hazards
    laser
    lava
  button / switch
  door
  fizzler
  moving platform
  map zones
    water
    low friction ground
    bouncy ground

n-gon outreach ideas
  blips - errant signal on youtube
  reddit - r/IndieGaming
  hacker news - show hacker news post